the baboon was left empty-handed and
hungry but why was this / - winner what
are the precise reasons why this
remainder goes away
most important of all they'd learned
from an early age to react quickly to
danger to move fast and stick with a
flock whether in the crash running away
from famous or were the adults escaping
from the fishing group
but how did the Flamingo drinking with
its back to the shore spot the baboon
time
it escaped by following the same
instinct used by all animals that live
in a group keep an eye on your immediate
neighbors at all times and at the first
hint of hurried movement copy them if
they turn right turn right if they flap
their wings you flap - that way it only
needs one bird to recognize danger and
take evasive action and then like a
life-preserving Mexican wave the escape
response sweeps through the flock in a
fraction of a second